Do you sense it?
The energy, it feels...
sinister.
Almost as if it's...
[Ethan] ...alive.
The Dragon is up ahead.
I know it.
[grunts]
[doors creaking]
[grunting]
[Hannah grunts]
[grunting continues]
[doors creaking]
[both grunt]
[Ethan sighs]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[wind whistling]
[growling in distance]
[Ethan snarls]
-[Ethan grunts]
-[Hannah gasps]
[gasps]
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Dragon] Thou hath finally arrived,
oh, Heartless One.
[exhales]
[Ethan grunts softly]
[yells]
[Dragon roars]
[Hannah grunts]
[both grunt]
[sword clatters]
[Ethan grunts]
[Dragon roars]
[growls softly]
Arisen, I think charging it head-on
would be a grave error.
I see that.
[rumbling]
[Dragon growls softly]
[Ethan panting]
[grunts]
[Dragon growls]
[Ethan panting]
[Hannah panting]
[Dragon snarls]
[Ethan yells]
[yells]
[Dragon roars]
[Ethan grunts]
[Hannah panting]
[Dragon snarls softly]
[Dragon] Heartless One,
how much darkness hast thou seen
throughout thine travels here?
The darkness of the human condition.
The darkness of the soul.
I know you have.
Humans suck each other dry
to fill their own bellies.
Loved ones, unable
to convey their feelings,
smite one another.
The selfish neglect their responsibilities
and lose themselves in vice.
Once honorable men crumble
when confronted by monetary gain.
And the weak-willed are all too eager
to be consumed by their lust.
[grunts]
Humans pretend to be moral creatures
but are driven
by their most base instincts.
They are corrupt,
evil beings.
Dost thou not agree?
Humans are imperfect.
I have faced the worst of humanity,
learned that man is capable
of unspeakable evils.
But they are not inherently corrupt.
Mankind is redeemable.
They are not deserving of your judgment!
[Dragon chuckles]
You think your intentions are benevolent?
You burn villages to the ground
and kill scores of humans
purely for your own amusement!
You are the corrupt.
You are evil incarnate.
[Dragon snarls]
[yells]
[grunts]
[gasps, grunts]
[rumbling]
[Dragon grunts]
This...
This is all for my amusement.
Is that what thou truly thinks, Arisen?
I do.
[Dragon] Then you have learned nothing
in your travels.
You're just a husk of a man,
aimlessly searching
for what hath robbed thee of thine heart.
You stole my home...
my child, my wife.
You stole my future!
You have taken everything from me!
Everything!
[Dragon] Dost thou hate me, hmm?
Then defeat me.
Fulfill your revenge.
Do what you desire.
[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Dragon snarls]
[Ethan growls]
[Dragon roars]
[Ethan gasps]
[grunts]
[panting]
[Dragon] What is the matter, Arisen?
Is thine hatred...
not strong enough?
[Ethan gasps]
Now!
[Ethan grunts]
[rumbling stops]
[Hannah gasps softly]
Do you think we finished it off?
Let's find out.
[rumbling]
[Ethan grunts]
Arisen!
[Dragon snarls]
It's trying to escape!
[Ethan] It's not going anywhere!
[grunts]
[yells]
Arisen!
[Dragon growls]
[Ethan grunts]
[Dragon roars]
-[wind gusting]
-[Ethan grunts]
[Dragon roars]
[Ethan grunts]
[grunts]
[Dragon] Thou believes my actions
are derived from amusement, yes?
No.
I know your actions are derived
from amusement.
[Dragon] Mm.
Such simple creatures humans are.
I need nothing.
I kill because it is my nature
as a Dragon.
Your nature?
[Dragon] I desire not your deaths.
I require not
the nourishment your bodies provide.
I have no thirst for your blood.
I have no need for sleep,
nor a desire to procreate.
These...
These are the needs of lesser beings,
the needs of flawed humans,
not those of a Dragon.
Then why do you kill us?
[Dragon] Simply because you exist.
Asking me not to is tantamount
to asking you not to breathe.
An effortless function
that requires no thought,
and yet is paramount to your survival.
That is not the same thing.
[Dragon] Hmm.
Is it not, though?
To kill is a choice!
[Dragon] I am simply bound by my nature.
But you...
Look unto thine self.
Thine desire to kill me,
be it your nature?
Or is it your need to kill what you fear?
To destroy what you hate?
This is your doing!
You took everything from me.
You took Olivia, my unborn child.
Your lies will not save you!
You shall die by my hand!
It is your destiny!
-[grunts]
-[Dragon roars]
[gasps softly]
[Ethan grunts]
Arisen!
[Ethan groans]
[Dragon snarls]
[Hannah panting]
[Dragon roars]
[exhales]
Come, then.
Will thou fulfill thine need, Arisen?
The time hath come.
There can only be one survivor.
[Ethan panting]
[Dragon roars]
[yells]
[groans]
[Dragon roars]
[Ethan groans]
[rumbling]
[Dragon snarls]
[Ethan groans]
[panting] Arisen!
[Ethan panting]
I'm ending this right now!
[grunts]
[Dragon screeches]
Ah.
Well done, Arisen.
[Hannah panting]
Arisen, you've done it.
Arisen?
[snarls]
[dagger clatters]
[Ethan grunts]
[snarls]
[Hannah gasps]
[Hannah whimpers]
[Dragon] Art thou satisfied, Arisen?
[Dragon chuckles]
Thou may have brought an end to me,
but it shall not bring back your wife,
nor your child.
All thou has accomplished is the release
of thine own rage,
a rage that has consumed you.
Thou hast committed
a deadly sin thine self.
The sin of pride is thine transgression.
[Ethan snarls]
[gasps]
What did you say?
[Dragon] The sin of pride
is what links us together
forever.
[Ethan] What are you talking about?
[Dragon] Mm.
I, too, was once human.
And, like thee,
I battled and slew a Dragon as an Arisen,
consumed by my need,
my desire for revenge,
my pride.
[Ethan gasps]
[breathes shakily]
[Dragon] Humans who lose their hearts
and become an Arisen
are destined to battle Dragons,
but that battle must not be waged
for the sake of revenge.
Pursue only one's prideful desire
to slay thine Dragon,
then thou be fated to become
the next Dragon.
The Arisen...
turn into Dragons?
[Dragon] Indeed.
Such is our curse.
[Ethan gasps]
-[Hannah gasps]
-[Dragon] She cannot help you.
The Pawn knows nothing.
[Ethan gasps]
[Dragon] When thou peers into the dark,
the dark peers into thee.
What will become of me?
[Dragon] Thou cannot fight
the nature of the Dragon.
Thou shalt lose thine will
and exist only to kill humans,
just as I did.
So... shall thee.
[Dragon exhales]
[Dragon] Canst thou even imagine
coming back to one's senses
from time to time,
only to be faced by hell on earth?
[humans screaming]
[woman whimpers]
[man screams]
-[woman] No!
-[Dragon roars]
[man screams]
[Dragon roars]
[Dragon] And it is a hell
of thine own making.
[Dragon sighs] I...
I am exhausted.
I have come to only ever want
for one thing:
my death.
Which is when thou appeared.
[Ethan gasps]
[Dragon] An Arisen who might kill me.
The release I hoped for.
Is that why...
Is that why you killed Olivia?
Just so I would seek revenge?
[Dragon] A human desire.
The last shred of my humanity.
And now that death is within my grasp,
I know that my desire be fulfill.
[Ethan] That's the only reason?
All so that...
All so that you could die?
[Dragon] No apologies shall I offer you.
Thou were defeated by thine own desires,
and now...
[Ethan gasps]
[Dragon] ...thou must pay the price.
[Ethan breathing raggedly]
Wait!
[Dragon roars]
-[heart beats]
-[Ethan gasps]
[groans]
-[heart beating]
-[Ethan panting]
[beating intensifies]
[Ethan groans]
[yells]
Arisen!
[yelling continues]
[Hannah gasps]
[Ethan yells]
I refuse!
[groans]
[groaning continues]
[Hannah gasps]
[Ethan groans]
[gasps]
[Ethan] Hannah!
Yes?
[Ethan breathing raggedly]
I'm right here.
Please...
kill me!
[Hannah gasps]
[distorted voice] I'm losing control,
but there's still time to stop this.
Kill me.
Now.
[Hannah] But, Arisen, I am your protector.
I beg of you!
You would prevent the death and slaughter
of countless lives.
[Hannah gasps softly]
[Ethan] If you kill me now,
the only life lost would be mine.
Thinking rationally is your specialty,
isn't it?
[Hannah gasps softly]
[breathes shakily]
[Ethan groans]
[breathing raggedly]
[grunts]
[groans]
[dagger scrapes]
[Ethan groaning continues]
[Hannah approaching]
Just do it!
[Hannah cries]
I'm sorry, Arisen.
[Ethan grunts weakly]
I can't do it.
I'm so sorry!
I know.
[Ethan as Dragon roars]
[snarls]
[Hannah gasps softly]
[Ethan as Dragon exhales]
Hannah.
One final request.
Anything.
[Ethan as Dragon]
Protect those foolish humans
from me.
I shall be the humans' protector...
Ethan.
[birds chirping]
[townsfolk chattering]
[children laugh]
[running footsteps]
-[children laugh]
-[girl gasps]
-[boy] Come on, already!
-[boys gasp]
[girl sobs]
[sobbing stops]
[patting]
You're OK.
You're stronger than you know.
[girl] Yeah.
[Hannah] Go on.
Your friends are waiting for you.
Thank you, ma'am.
Take care.
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]